Derpnet Minutes -- Friday 3/4/11

Attendance:
Robbie
Shidash
George
Gareth
Colin's busy rokking out.

More documentation about project incoming.
We migrated to GPL.
	Standard header should be included in every source code file.
	Documentation should have it too, in some form.
Good and evil eradicated. (Thank you Robbie)
Where next?
	-Core of IRC
	-Extending IRC (eg encryption)
We'll branch the repo, and start working on both.
atogatog accounts.

#builds at Freenode is being registered.
We could move to #builds-derpnet when that is successful.

Start working!
